Revenge of a father
Marcellus opened his eyes, and found himself looking upwards into a flickering blue dimness.
It was hot, and he was lying on sand, and a rock embedded in the sand was hurting his back. He rolled over to his side, off the rock, and then pushed himself up to a sitting position  he had bruised and beaten up all over his body .
        
        It was a surprise that he was alive; he had ripped a man's head off that night and that too an aristocrat. The aristocrat had come to mock him in his cell after his son had fallen in battle. His son had appealed for mercy  by dropping his weapon and shield and raising a finger. But sadly his opponent was Titus, a cold blooded man who enjoyed gore and battle he was a crowd favourite too. Marcellus was to be executed for his crimes but due to his crimes but it seemed that emperor Julius Caesar got wind of this information and wanted to see a duel to the death between Titus and Marcellus. This didn't mean Marcellus was shown mercy; he was whipped and beaten up by the Roman guards and thrown in  a hot cell filled with rock pointy rocks.


        Two days later he had to face off with Titus when the fated day came Marcellus Prayed to Ares and took his sword and shield and went to battle. Marcellus was boiling in anger as he had been looking for a chance to avenge his son's death. Titus was also ready for him; he could clearly see the brute that had slaughtered his son; he was tall and muscular. But his appearance did not bother him he was ready to take Titus along with him.


        Marcellus charged with his spear at Titus and started attacking him continuously but Titus easily blocked it . Titus was playing with him. Marcellus knew he was not skilled enough to beat Titus in a fair fight he had hidden some sand in his loincloth the day before he took it and threw it on Titus’s face and stabbed the blinded Titus with his spear blood gushed out from Titus’s wound but he didn't fall instead he immediately took a huge swing which cut of Marcellus head neatly of his neck, but there was a satisfied expression on Marcellus's face he had got his revenge. Titus could feel his vision blurry he had been announced as the winner and was being asked if he wanted any price from the emperor. But Titus couldn't hear anything  he was at deaths door step.A few moments later he fell to the ground and passed away.


        The crowd was excited by this clash even the emperor was impressed this was just another day for them.